---
permalink: /
title: "Bio"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello World!

This is a header
======

ut were I not the better part made mercy, I should not seek an absent argument Of my revenge, thou present.  Peace, you dull fool! I found them on a tree. Here comes my sister, reading; stand aside.

It is meat and drink to me to see a clown:  Indeed, my lord, The melancholy Jaques grieves at that; And, in that kind, swears you do more usurp Than doth your brother that hath banish'd you.   I must have liberty Withal, as large a charter as the wind, To blow on whom I please, for so fools have; And they that are most galled with my folly, They most must laugh. 

The wheel is come full circle.  This is it, Adam, that grieves me; and the spirit of my father, which I think is within me, begins to mutiny against this servitude.  This is no place; this house is but a butchery; Abhor it, fear it, do not enter it. Invest me in my motley; give me leave To speak my mind, and I will through and through Cleanse the foul body of th' infected world, If they will patiently receive my medicine. Truly, shepherd, in respect of itself, it is a good life; but in respect that it is a shepherd's life, it is nought.   Alas the day! what shall I do with my doublet and hose?  What did he when thou saw'st him? What said he? How look'd he?  Wherein went he? What makes he here? Did he ask for me? Where remains he? How parted he with thee? And when shalt thou see him again? Answer me in one word.

The course of true love never did run smooth.  He saves my labour by his own approach. I'll graff it with you, and then I shall graff it with a medlar. Then it will be the earliest fruit i' th' country; for you'll be rotten ere you be half ripe, and that's the right virtue of the medlar. You must borrow me Gargantua's mouth first; 'tis a word too great for any mouth of this age's size. To say ay and no to these particulars is more than to answer in a catechism.

Brevity is the soul of wit.  He has eaten me out of house and home.  That's meat and drink to me, now.  Besides this nothing that he so plentifully gives me, the something that nature gave me his countenance seems to take from me.  Let me love him for that; and do you love him because I do. Look, here comes the Duke. Well then, if ever I thank any man, I'll thank you; but that they call compliment is like th' encounter of two dog-apes; and when a man thanks me heartily, methinks have given him a penny, and he renders me the beggarly thanks.  Why, how now, monsieur! what a life is this, That your poor friends must woo your company?  What, you look merrily! But whate'er you are That in this desert inaccessible, Under the shade of melancholy boughs, Lose and neglect the creeping hours of time; If ever you have look'd on better days, If ever been where bells have knoll'd to church, If ever sat at any good man's feast, If ever from your eyelids wip'd a tear, And know what 'tis to pity and be pitied, Let gentleness my strong enforcement be; In the which hope I blush, and hide my sword.

The game is up.  Your brother- no, no brother; yet the son- Yet not the son; I will not call him son Of him I was about to call his father- Hath heard your praises; and this night he means To burn the lodging where you use to lie, And you within it.  No, Corin, being old, thou canst not guess, Though in thy youth thou wast as true a lover As ever sigh'd upon a midnight pillow.   It is my only suit, Provided that you weed your better judgments Of all opinion that grows rank in them That I am wise.  Alas the day! what shall I do with my doublet and hose?  What did he when thou saw'st him? What said he? How look'd he?  Wherein went he? What makes he here? Did he ask for me? Where remains he? How parted he with thee? And when shalt thou see him again? Answer me in one word.

He has eaten me out of house and home.  But this denoted a foregone conclusion:  To-day my Lord of Amiens and myself Did steal behind him as he lay along Under an oak whose antique root peeps out Upon the brook that brawls along this wood!  To the which place a poor sequest'red stag, That from the hunter's aim had ta'en a hurt, Did come to languish; and, indeed, my lord, The wretched animal heav'd forth such groans That their discharge did stretch his leathern coat Almost to bursting; and the big round tears Cours'd one another down his innocent nose In piteous chase; and thus the hairy fool, Much marked of the melancholy Jaques, Stood on th' extremest verge of the swift brook, Augmenting it with tears. No, Corin, being old, thou canst not guess, Though in thy youth thou wast as true a lover As ever sigh'd upon a midnight pillow.   Why, who cries out on pride That can therein tax any private party?  Doth it not flow as hugely as the sea, Till that the wearer's very means do ebb?  What woman in the city do I name When that I say the city-woman bears The cost of princes on unworthy shoulders?  Who can come in and say that I mean her, When such a one as she such is her neighbour?  Or what is he of basest function That says his bravery is not on my cost, Thinking that I mean him, but therein suits His folly to the mettle of my speech?  There then! how then? what then? Let me see wherein My tongue hath wrong'd him: if it do him right, Then he hath wrong'd himself; if he be free, Why then my taxing like a wild-goose flies, Unclaim'd of any man. But who comes here? ut were I not the better part made mercy, I should not seek an absent argument Of my revenge, thou present.  You have a nimble wit; I think 'twas made of Atalanta's heels. Will you sit down with me? and we two will rail against our mistress the world, and all our misery.

It beggared all description.  Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.  Take but good note, and you shall see in him The triple pillar of the world transform'd Into a strumpet's fool. 

He has eaten me out of house and home.  That's meat and drink to me, now.  As I remember, Adam, it was upon this fashion bequeathed me by will but poor a thousand crowns, and, as thou say'st, charged my brother, on his blessing, to breed me well; and there begins my sadness.  I will no longer endure it, though yet I know no wise remedy how to avoid it. But, poor old man, thou prun'st a rotten tree That cannot so much as a blossom yield In lieu of all thy pains and husbandry.   Come, sing; and you that will not, hold your tongues. 'Good morrow, fool,' quoth I; 'No, sir,' quoth he, 'Call me not fool till heaven hath sent me fortune.' 

It was Greek to me.  Why, then the world's mine oyster, which I with sword will open.  No, fair Princess; he is the general challenger.  My lord, the roynish clown, at whom so oft Your Grace was wont to laugh, is also missing.   I thank it. More, I prithee, more. I can suck melancholy out of a song, as a weasel sucks eggs. More, I prithee, more. Dear master, I can go no further. O, I die for food! Here lie I down, and measure out my grave. Farewell, kind master.  
